# neo4j-mcp-workspace-template
A template repo for end to end Neo4j development using MCP


## MCP Servers 

This project utilizes four MCP servers.
* Data Modeling MCP Server
* Cypher MCP Server
* Ingest MCP Server - custom wrapper for Cypher MCP Server
* BigQuery MCP Server - optional, only necessary if data is in BigQuery

## Workflow

* Run discovery on sample of source data 

* Generate, Validate, Visualize first graph data model

* Refine data model with user feedback

* Ingest source data according to finalized data model

* Generate Cypher according to use cases defined during discovery

* Validate that graph adequately addresses the use cases 

## Set Up

### Install Google MCP Toolbox ( Optional )

We will be using the MCP Toolbox prebuilt BigQuery MCP server as the default source database connector. This library has a collection of prebuilt MCP servers you may use to connect to Google services.

If you want to use data from a different source, you may find the appropriate MCP server to connect to that data source or just use local data. The agent will be able to analyze local data without any specific MCP servers.

There are many ways to install the Google MCP Toolbox. Please see the documentation ([Docs](https://docs.cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/pre-built-tools-with-mcp-toolbox#mcp-configure-your-mcp-client-cursor) / [Github](https://github.com/googleapis/genai-toolbox?tab=readme-ov-file#installing-the-server)) for more details.

Brew is an easy option though if you have access.
```bash
brew install mcp-toolbox
```

### Install Ingest MCP Dependencies 

This template uses a modified version of the Cypher MCP server to ingest local CSV data. In order to use this server, you must install the project with `uv`. 

```bash
uv sync
```

The Ingest MCP Server wraps the `write_neo4j_cypher` tool to take a `csv_path` as input via the `params` field. The CSV is then loaded and parsed into records before being passed as a `params` field to the parent `write_neo4j_cypher` tool. The Cypher used to ingest the CSV records should be generated by the Data Modeling MCP Server.
